DUMPING SCANDAL ROCKS PERFEKTO POLYMERS!
By H Finn

Perfekto Polymers was informed today by a joint task force of the Tribal Council of Salish Sidhe, Tir Tairgire Princes, and UCAS gonverment that it will look into alleged violations of Seattle Metroplex toxic waste usage and disposal laws. 

One source close to the investigation that that these law enforcement groups had recieved 'damning evidence; of a dumping scandal at Perfekto, and proof that a coverup took place. 

If the Task Force publishes any findings against Perfekto Polymers, the firm could face billions in penalties, including treatement for those affected, cleanup costs, and medical treatment for victims of the scandal. These findings could permenently ban Perfekto Polymers from working within the borders of these countries, and loss of its operating permit in Seattle. 

Perfekto Polymers CEO Andrew Masterson was unable to comment, and has been reported missing as of several years ago. Many of the executives still living in the Seattle metroplex have died in the past five years of accidental death, suicide, and heart/lung failure.

VP of operations, Miguel Allende, was last seen boarding a plane for Aztlan, and a copy of his itenerary for the visit noted that he is scheduled to attend "a special managerial briefing" Thursday afternoon on the steps of the zigguraut, and then no further appointments after that.

Perfekto Polymers is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aztechnoloy, as is NEWsNET.

*****

MERCURIAL RECONCILES-- AND THEN SOME!
By T Sawyer

Rocker star Maria Mercurial today cancelled several tours dates, interviews, and scheduled appearances for her new tour. Although this tour was organized under Lowball Record's Max Foley, the announcement came from former manager Armando Hernandez. Although rumors of a split between Hernandez and Mercurial had been spreading in the Music scene, Local 128-14 Musicians Untion stated officially that Ms Mercurial had in fact reinstated her contract with Hernandez as her representation.

Manager Max Foley did not return request for comment.

Mercurial fans were disappointed at the news, but a notification that every ticket holder would recieve a full refund, and that many fans would recieve signed posters and music chips as compensation.

Mercurial and Hernadez held a joint press conference moments after posting the cancellation notice, to announce their marriage. at 0900 Pacific Standard time, the two were married in a simple ceremony at City Hall in Seattle.
Maria released the following statement:
"We need some time to be by ourselves- concerts, tours, and other things can be so exhausting. We have been given a precious gift, and we want time together to appreciate it. Our thanks to everyone who made this day possible, especially our closest friends and the people who helped us get to this point. Gracias."

Maria Mercurial achieved stardom overnight with the 3048 release of her multiplatinum single "Who Weeps for the Children?"