YOu bug out, leaving Maria and Max to twist and get yourself to safety. When the news reaches you a few days later that Hernandez murdered Maria and Max and then killed himself, you congratulate yourself on dodging a bullet.

*******

MURDER-SUICIDE ROCKS MUSIC SCENE!
By PT Hume-Dowd

The body o rocker novastar Maria Mercurial was found today in her penthouse, with the bodies of former managers Max Foley and Armando Hernandez. According to Lonestar detectives, Hernandez killed Foley and Mercurial before turning the gun on himself.

Reports from a reliable source within Lonestar said that Mercurial was found with a BTL "dreamgate" chip jacked in. This confirms longtime rumors that Mercurial had a history of BTL abuse. Based on records filed with the department, Hernandez was known for dealing in BTL chips.

Mercurial recently shocked the rocker scene by breaking ties with Hernandez and joining with Foley's Lowball Records. When reached for comment, Lowball Records employee Sidnee Winters said "This is a tragedy for the music world. The loss of a star like Maria Mercurial is a sad moment for all of us, and I know that Max Foley would want me to say that his legacy would be the talent that he had managed to be a part of."

Maria Mercurial started her meteoric rise into public view in 2048, with the release of her multi-platinum single "Who Weeps for the Children?"


******

Two years after the death of Maria Mercurial, Mitsuhama annouces the opening of a new microchip factors in the Tacoma neighborhood of Seattle. Workers will be housed in state of the art housing in the reclaimed neighborhood of Sunnyside. Real estate prices skyrocket, and everyone from the local Yakuza to the Governor of Seattle take credit and get fat from the kickbacks.

The neighborhood is quite happy with the New Horizon construction in Sunnyside, driving up prices and making many landowners rich enough to move out of the barrens- and then people get sick. Like, deathly sick. Cancer rates skyrocket, and life expectancy drops to a rate not seen since the Middle Ages. 

When a SINless person like you get cancer, there's no fancy UCAS hospital for a SINless thug, there's just pain, drugs, and the inevitable bullet at the end. 

Boom.